what you're about to see is brand-new
was just given to me by a retired
military personnel right here I'm
calling it an unidentified flying object
jeffrey gonzalez has been chasing UFOs
for over four years
i'm not claiming jeffrey is the founder
of sager Paranormal Society it's an
obsession it's a hobby and he has a 24
hour UFO hotline number there's some
type of radiation activity there he
investigates claims of UFO sightings
witnesses calling me and they all law
enforcement doctors lawyers military
personnel jeffrey believes that central
california particularly the city of
fresno is a UFO hotspot fresno lies at
the bottom of the Nevada triangle a
region that includes area 51 and China
Lake Jeffrey says it's similar to the
Bermuda Triangle where many planes have
disappeared without a trace over the
last 50 years you have a lot of military
presence you also have what could be
possibly a lot of top-secret military
craft line over skies according to the
nonprofit national UFO Reporting Center
there were roughly 5,000 UFO sightings
reported each year and Jeffrey says he
can't do this alone
he has several people throughout the
city who serve as a Sky Watcher these
are people who sit outside for hours
watching the sky for anything out of the
ordinary Robert Dornan loves capturing
UFO footage from his roof got the best
footage I got the closest and if that's
all hours in night and day all hours I'm
out here usually out here watching and
for Jeffrey he will keep investigating
the abnormal passion of mine to find out
what are these things flying over Fresno
are they military or are they something
else are you a believer or still a
skeptic start watching the sky and maybe
you might notice something unusual in
Fresno California Michelle Macaluso Fox
News